c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Altarix1Hard.exe.config
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Altarix1Hard.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Altarix1Hard.pdb
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\obj\Debug\Altarix1Hard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\obj\Debug\Altarix1Hard.exe
c:\users\андрей\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Altarix1Hard\Altarix1Hard\obj\Debug\Altarix1Hard.pdb
